<h1 align="center">QuakeLog</h1>
Welcome to Quake Log Parser, a tool for parsing Quake game logs and generating game reports. This parser allows you to analyze game data, including player statistics, kill counts, and weapon usage. Keep track of your game performance and see who's dominating the battlefield!

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#quake-log-parser)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Customization](#customization)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Features

- Parses Quake game logs and extracts game data.
- Tracks the total number of kills and player ranking.
- Provides statistics on kills by different means (weapons, etc.).
- Generates detailed match reports for each game.

## Getting Started

To get started with Quake Log Parser, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ziko3000/QuakeLog
    ```
2.  Install the required dependencies using npm:
   ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3. Run the code:

    ```bash
    ts-node parser.ts

    ```
This will process the `qgames.log` file and display detailed game reports in your console.
```

## Customization

You can customize the Quake Log Parser to fit your specific needs. Here are a few ways you can do this:

1. **Changing the Log File Name**: If your game log file has a different name or is located in a different directory, you can modify the `parseAndReport` method in `QuakeLogParser.ts` to accept the desired filename.

2. **Adding More Game Data**: If you want to extract additional data from the game log, you can extend the `GameData` interface in `QuakeLogParser.ts` to include the desired fields. Then, update the `parseLine` method to handle the new data.

3. **Customizing the Report Format**: If you prefer a different format for the match reports, you can modify the `generateMatchReports` method in `QuakeLogParser.ts`. You can also output the reports to a file or integrate them into a web application.

## Examples

Here's an example of the match reports generated by the Quake Log Parser:
{
"game_1": {
"total_kills": 27,
"players": [
"Player1",
"Player2",
"Player3"
],
"kills": {
"Player1": 10,
"Player2": 8,
"Player3": 9
},
"kills_by_means": {
"MOD_RAILGUN": 6,
"MOD_ROCKET": 11,
"MOD_MACHINEGUN": 3,
"MOD_SHOTGUN": 5,
"MOD_GAUNTLET": 2
},
## 📄 License <a name = "license"></a>
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.
